And we are back for step number four in our attempt
to introduce our business or product to the strange
land of Reddit. Now is the time to spend an hour or
two just sitting and watching/reading the Reddits
we've singled out in our list.
Like I said before, each sub has its own personality,
so it's really important that you first get it before
you try to work it over.
The first thing I suggest doing is just do a light
scan of the headlines in your sub of choice.
Keep in mind, if you're looking at them, then these are
the ones that are popular and people already decided
are popular. In a lot of subs, you can very quickly isolate
some themes. In this sub, the "Get studying" sub, after
about 20 headlines you start to get the picture.
People are very positive and they love tips,
they love hacks, and they love techniques.
Pretty much everything is either someone sharing
a skill for studying or not being distracted, or it's
someone asking how to get better at studying.
Take a second and go up to the top of this sub, click
"Top." Now, "Top" at first will display the best post
of the week, which is interesting, but we actually want
to know what the best of the best posts in a sub of all time
are, so click on "This week" and change it to "All time."
Now, this is honestly the best research you can do in a sub.
Everything on the top of all time is absolute gold
and if you'd literally just copy and paste these
links and repost them, they would
probably do equally as well.
Don't obviously do that.
I'm just trying to make a point.
If you notice the number two one, by the
way, it's for an app that helps you focus.
It's actually a really clever way of posting on Reddit.
That's the kind of stuff ideally we want to emulate.
OK, so get your fill
looking through the posts in each of your subs, try
your best to piece together what people care about,
what they like, and what the tone of the group is.
Especially that last one.
Are they sarcastic?
Are they funny?
Are they inspirational?
Makes a big deal of difference if you
understand the general vibe of the group.
If you really want to challenge yourself,
go up at the top and click "New."
You'll see the posts that have just been posted, and
then try to guess if you think the post will do well.
Once you truly get a feel for how the group works,
you'll be able to rattle us off in a couple of seconds,
and you'll rarely get it wrong.
Come back in a couple hours or
the next day and see if you were right.
The last two things I want you to do is go to the sidebar
on the right and read through the rules and guidelines.
Each sub is different for this.
Some are fine, for instance, with promotional
posting, and others are vehemently against it.
If they're against it though, that just
means no blatant advertising.
If you're smart about it, you can make your
post valuable and give yourself exposure.
That's perfectly fine. And then the
last thing to do is make a note,
if you can, of the moderators in the
group. Use that browser extension
we have to tag them, so in the future you can see
where they post and follow what they're doing.
In some subs, they have "Moderator"
next to them, and sometimes they don't.
And sometimes on the right hand bar,
you'll just list off the moderators.
If you're really good at this, you can then tell when each mod
is in charge of the post and what their personality is like.
If you then target your efforts for building a rapport
with them, then there's a good chance they'll
give you more leeway with what you can post.
Okay, spend some time and just space out. Next lecture,
we're going to start adding our own voice into the mix.
See you then.